And now, as I've returned, as the CEO of Admiral Entertainment,
the Duke is aware, and we're set to collaborate.
So, it's Miss Irene, who came to take place.
I'm buying more admiral shows tonight.
See you.
I don't care about the Duke's approval.
I'm not going to let you win this, Jader.
God, she's in the way.
Why is everyone so obsessed with the Duke?
It's probably a condescending douchebag,
too afraid to show himself in public.
You know, we know all the nobles are condescending douchebags.
I wouldn't take a hundred dukes in the place
but for my one handsome assistant.
Oh, my way, I really love!
Oh, thank the Lord, you're OK.
Oh.
Darling, to celebrate this wonderful news,
I book the most luxurious sweet and dinner.
Spend the evening together.
How romantic.
What a thoughtful husband.
Darling, say something. You're too happy.
Take back with me, your wonderful husband.
No, no, no, you think you are. This isn't funny.
The real Irene will refuse my invitation.
Oh, you want everyone to stop doubting?